Please create a github repository with a README that explains how to approach and implement connecting javascript applications to an API using AJAX. You do not have to write any code, but may use pseudo code and code examples in your README to explain the process. There is not a strict word or page limit, but it should be appropriate length to convey your ideas.


For starts, AJAX is used to access the api. Via AJAX you will use methods, Restful Routing (GET(Show, Index), POST(Create), PATCH/PUT(Update) & DELETE(Delete). You are able to create your backend using AJAX, which stores information that a user can input when everything is connected to the api and is presented on a web pages user interface. When a user signs up that would be using the create (POST)routes, which if working correctly will allow the user to create an account with email and password and will be stored in the database. After creating an account, the user is now able to log in with the account just created. When logging in you are also using the (POST) route. If log in is successful, you will have the opportunity to change your password, or even sign out. When changing password, you will use your old password, then use a new password. When doing this, the route that is being used is (PATCH) if successful. When signing out, the route that is being used is simply (DELETE). Once all of this is complete, you can go into your ui.js and use ajax methods that will allow you to trigger messages, hide or show boxes or models based on the area of the app that you are accessing. I also forgot to mention, when creating your routes, you will set up a module.exports at the bottom of the page and call the functions after the equals sign followed by comas on the end of the function. With of this being said, you can access the information from the front end which is the user interface and also the backend in which you will use curl scripts that has parameters that you created and you create or pull the information based on those parameters that you created followed by the token ID that you are given upon signing in with your account that you created. The information that you input will be assigned to your user account. Also the events.js is like the file that brings everything together. With the your html file, when creating the forms, it allows your to create id's or classes and you can call the parameters from your curl scripts and it will connect directly to it that way as well. When creating a single page app, you can set it up to where you can stop the page from refreshing while using the app in the browser. Another thing I can say overall the client is front end and server is the backend. The user see interacts with the client, which is what they visually see. The client then sends the inputs fields to the backend and stores the information to the server and can be accessed with the users specific account.
